# CHC dataset
## Project Profile
This repository is used for presentations on the MFG-REC dataset. Here, we have uploaded 50 images within the MFG-REC
dataset, along with the corresponding text descriptions.

# MFG-RREC
Generating high-quality Chinese calligraphy characters is a challenging task, especially in the scene of few samples learning, the scarcity of calligraphy data further exacerbates this problem. Existing generation models (such as those based on generation countermeasure network and diffusion model) usually face problems such as stroke loss, stroke dislocation, stroke artifacts, and style ambiguity when generating Chinese handwritten characters. In addition, due to the diversity of Chinese calligraphy content styles and the complexity of writing methods, the generation quality is further challenged. Based on the above problems, this paper proposes a diffusion generation model of Chinese calligraphy characters with small samples -- the multimodal feature guidance and real-time recognition error correction diffusion model (mfg-rrec) for the generation of Chinese calligraphy characters with small samples. The model strengthens the generation process through two aspects of interaction mechanism: on the one hand, firstly, it uses style reference and high-frequency style information obtained through high-frequency style filter to provide style constraints for the generated characters, extracts character skeleton features through the designed iterative skeleton extraction network, and ensures the correctness of character structure with the help of standard Chinese character library mapping; Secondly, multiple features are fused at different levels through the multi feature fusion module, and skeleton features are injected into the UNET network many times to guide the diffusion model to realize the fusion of character content and style in the preliminary learning. On the other hand, we introduced the recognition and error correction module (REC) to fine tune the model and identify and correct the generated characters in real time to ensure the accuracy and consistency of the output characters. In addition, at the beginning of the training, we also produced a high-quality Chinese calligraphy single character image dataset (CHC), which contains 11 categories and a total of more than 50000 pieces of high-quality Chinese calligraphy images. This is a dataset for Chinese calligraphy research. The tag data was produced by constructing OCR tools and manual review methods to support the training of the proposed model. A large number of experimental results show that mfg-rec can effectively generate Chinese calligraphy characters with complex structure under the condition of few samples, and has superior performance in maintaining the accuracy of font structure and generalization of unknown characters.

# code
We will upload the training as well as the test code and the full dataset at an appropriate time!
